[receiver/splunkhecreceiver] use ACK extension in HEC receiver (#31767)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/splunkhecreceiver/README.md

* `hec_metadata_to_otel_attrs/sourcetype` (default = 'com.splunk.sourcetype'): Specifies the mapping of the sourcetype field to a specific unified model attribute.
* `hec_metadata_to_otel_attrs/index` (default = 'com.splunk.index'): Specifies the mapping of the  index field to a specific unified model attribute.
* `hec_metadata_to_otel_attrs/host` (default = 'host.name'): Specifies the mapping of the host field to a specific unified model attribute.

> * `ack` (no default): defines the ackextension to use for acking of events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ack` (no default): defines the ackextension to use for acknowledging events
```
Nit

>   * `extension` (no default): Specifies the ack extension ID the receiver should use. If left blank, ack is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `extension` (no default): Specifies the ack extension ID the receiver should use. If left blank, ack is disabled.
```
Nit

>   * `path` (default = '/services/collector/ack'): The path ack extension will listen on for ack requests, if the extension is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `path` (default = '/services/collector/ack'): The path the ack extension will listen on for ack requests, if the extension is enabled.
```
Nit
